---
title: lesson blog 18
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-18/
source-id: 1XT64rkarS2RlmlMu3ORGd8DAkw2R9-x7W2wHm3ha76E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson blog 18</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learnt about adverts in general.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about even more aspects of media.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by listening and discussing about the different aspects of media, especially about how they change things for adverts and about reality TV shows. I thought that the strategy of  thinking of other examples of beginnings and  putting them against the thing we were looking at was very good.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My limited knowledge of  reality TV shows greatly hindered my performance in the second discussion as comparing and talking about different aspects of them was the main subject manner.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by asking more questions next time, as I have noticed I don't really do that as often as I would like and we are learning about quite a confusing subject. A hindrance to this is my shyness in lessons as I am worried I will say something wrong or get a fact incorrect. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>My work for today:</td>
    <td>Center Parcs TV Advert 2015 – Bears  </td>
    <td>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zn0QYIinIk0 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What elements of reality were in this 
media example? What is true in what 
you saw? (This could be the price of 
an item or an expert on a television 
show who spoke facts that can be 
proven.) 
</td>
    <td>What elements of fantasy were in this 
media example?
</td>
    <td>Did you look up any 
information to find out what 
was true? If so, what did you 
find?
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don't really know if the following are the correct answer to the question, but I have given it a go.

The song was a real song that was playing throughout the advert.

the numbers on the TV screen are real numbers.

</td>
    <td>That the bears were doing things, such as living in a house, watching television, driving cars and going to work that bears wouldn't usually do, they were living human lives and the other people in the advert didn't even notice!

The bears also have human expressions and seem to have human emotions as well. 
</td>
    <td>The food that the bears are eating, fish, potatoes and broccoli, the fish is mostly eaten by bears, the broccoli and potatoes  are definitely not eaten by bears and are part of the fantasy of the advert and belong in the middle box.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


