---
title: lesson blog 16
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-16/
source-id: 1k0P2-BscOCs5TirgFDVE6yBRAIXkgOlH26L1lcP05zc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson blog 16</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Moving onto a new project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn the basics of media and what it is.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by listening and asking questions about media and the subjects we were talking about. I also learned a lot by doing the media bingo, It showed me how much media we, as children, have access to, and how we do not realise that we are consuming this media. I also learnt that media isn't just the News or a Newspaper, but that it can be anything that conveys a message between two people other than talking. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found the media bingo quite hard to complete as I found moving round the room and asking different people quite hard, especially when I kept getting the answer 'no’ for every question I asked. I also found some of the concepts quite hard to understand sometimes. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try and work on the understanding of the political side of the media, the different types of parties and what they stand for. Also, on the names of these such parties. Another thing I didn’t quite understand was the actual definition of the word media, so I shall search this up online.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


