---
title: lesson blog 17
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-17/
source-id: 1TOs0PFOSa8oxLu-oYiR7Penh5vYmjIt7c_y7TBWqlQQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Lesson blog 17</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>21/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Learnt what media is and the basic concepts.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To be able to dissect an advert.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by talking in my team and also gaining ideas and ways of dissecting an advert from my group. I thought  that looking at the way the target audience would see the advert (to see what their trying to say to you), looking around the centre point (seeing subtext), and thinking of what had to be done to create everything (seeing the untold stories) all very effective strategies.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The very little contributions from some of my teammates greatly thinned the ideas coming into our thoughts about the advert. I need to work on spurring others on to add some ideas to the discussion. I also found finding the subtext quite a difficult thing to try and achieve, especially in some adverts more than others.   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to look even deeper into the advert, going over each point and exploring all of the possibilities for what they could be leaving out, or what they have hidden to try to get us to buy their product. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>My work for today:</th>
    <th>Flash Ah-ah Dog #FlashDog 2016 Advert | P+G UK and Ireland  </th>
    <th>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIR5dNN7o1w </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Who is the target audience in this media example? (Be specific)</td>
    <td>What is the subtext (hidden or underlying message) in this media example?</td>
    <td>What are the untold stories
(what information is left out of
the message)?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Children: they enjoy the advert, the song and the talking dog and then nag their parents into buying flash.

Adults: they see how 'good' it cleans their house and go and buy it.</th>
    <th>They got it into your head that flash can clean up a humongous mess like that in under 10 seconds! This then makes you think that it can, or leaves it inside your head so you subconsciously want to buy it.</th>
    <th>They purposefully left out how long it would really take to clean up that mess.

They also left out how much product she would of had to use to clean up that mess.</th>
  </tr>
</table>


