---
title: lesson blog 13
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-13/
source-id: 1hTwwW5bLuFr5cqzKLzqgMebcrwYFk4YmK6WePkMJOwY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson blog 13</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Our games and a blank evaluation document.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To evaluate two other pupils games and our own.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt to evaluate work by trying it out on others games, and doing this really did help me to evaluate my own work. I believe that this helped because if I saw different peoples games then when I saw my game I wouldn't see it as the person who made the game, I would see it like another person who didn’t know what the game was about before I played it. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on taking criticism better as when I saw what scores people gave me I felt slightly unhappy because I felt differently about my game and it took me a long time to accomplish. I can accomplish this by not thinking too much about the score but think more about what they say I could do to make my game even better.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change the scrolling background as it doesn't fit in with what the character’s look like and the style the game is meant to be like (arcade pixels). I also need to change the code for the background as there can sometimes be holes in the background, the scrollx code. This is the feedback I got from the people who evaluated my work. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


