---
title: lesson blog 25
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-25/
source-id: 1A6bBOWxcA_1gvGIzQTvSht_7IMXrgKRHgjVUDsw34YU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson blog 25</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/6/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finished looking at our identity maps.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about how prezi works.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by listening to what Mr. Keen had to say about PREZI (software you can use instead of a normal google slides). I also learned by watching a PREZI Mr. Keen had made in the past, this helped the class by showing them an example of all the different things you can do on PREZI.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mr. Keen had an ear infection so we all had to be quiet, this actually improved the sound levels in the room, making it quieter so we could hear Mr. Keen really well. Unfortunately, the class next to us was incredibly loud at the start of the lesson which meant that the sound near the start limited me hearing Mr. Keen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>It was incredibly hot today as we have started the summer (today being the summer solstice) so we were all warm throughout the lesson making us very easily distracted and prone to not concentrating. Next lesson I will take of my tie as well as my blazer so I don't feel even more hot and therefore get distracted.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


