---
title: lesson blog 20
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-20/
source-id: 1PxSVO_BEvti7HTds7X3Z9LZ3IQ6rzBodzu0Fx-NrDMo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Lesson blog 20</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>2/5/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Completed lightbot.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To learn about the advantages and disadvantages of social media.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by discussing within my group of 5 (me, Krishna, Rui, Matthew and Oskar), I did this by listening to others ideas and putting forward my ideas, we were putting cards into an order of worrying to OK about things someone posted on social media. Our most worrying was posting their own phone number and least was their favourite quote of the day.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My shyness very greatly limited my learning as I didn't feel that I could put my ideas forward in both of the group discussion activities. Also some of my group members were a bit loud in both of the activities, this reinforced my shyness and made completely unable to speak some of the time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to feel more confident during group activities so that I can put my ideas forward and have a say in the debate that we might be having about social media or any subject over the course of this subject of media literacy.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


