---
title: lesson blog 26
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-26/
source-id: 1tO94r5MCFfJ-DjLknRJ544ZDsFTpVL3KCuHQJK3ZuKM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson blog 26</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/6/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learnt about prezi for homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To further explore prezi.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by exploring further into PREZI and using all of the features I could find on it. I just looked further into all of the controls on PREZI and found out what I could do with each setting on an actual presentation. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For a long period of time I found it difficult to edit text as I was not able to find where to click to edit a text box and then found actually typing on it even more difficult. Luckily I worked on this and can now perfectly operate all of the editing procedure on PREZI. Also we had a supply teacher so if I got stuck or had any questions I just had to work it out for myself (this is an effective strategy for learning, trying things until you get it right).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to remember how to operate PREZI as I still find it quite difficult- this is because the text box becomes harder to edit or click on. I will also try to work faster next lesson as I took a long time picking which template I wanted on PREZI and on writing large paragraphs on my document (filler text).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


