---
title: lesson blog 28
layout: post
author: oscar.ryley
permalink: /lesson-blog-28/
source-id: 1ngSxQcRL4LKIspHWegpw5kMd9jWYMJQw_S88iRo5SqM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Lesson blog 28</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>12/7/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Started a Prezi on internet safety and security.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To finish this Prezi on internet safety and security.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by going through all of the layout options on Prezi and thinking more about the people who it will be shown to such as breaking up the text into smaller sections so that not only the reader will be able to read it quickly but so that I have topics to work off during the presentation. 

P.s.
Sorry this post is one day late, my computer was updating for the whole of yesterday so therefore It didn't let me on and I couldn’t write my weekly post until now.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As all of the writing on my prezi was all in a text box per slide I had to spend some time dissecting each of the bullet points so that I could use animations to go from one point to the other. I need to work on thinking about the people having to sit through my speech and what they would think about each of the slides.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by practicing my presentation at home and continuing to work on the layout and animations of this Prezi. I will also work on my presenting skills as I am not able to speak in front of a large crowd (I get stagefright and am not confident with doing activities like this).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


